[Iceberg] Support procedure set_current_snapshot for Iceberg (#23567)
prestodb/presto: presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/connector/iceberg.rst

``snapshot_id``       ✔️          long            Snapshot ID to rollback to
===================== ========== =============== =======================================================================

Set Current Snapshot
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This procedure allows to set current snapshot ID for a table by using ``snapshot_id`` or ``reference``.

> While using ``set_current_snapshot`` procedure either snapshot_id or ref must be provided but not both.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use either ``snapshot_id`` or ``ref``, but do not use both in the same procedure.
```
Slight rephrasing for emphasis.

The following arguments are available:

===================== ========== =============== =======================================================================
Argument Name         required   type            Description
===================== ========== =============== =======================================================================
``schema``            ✔️         string          Schema of the table to update

``table_name``        ✔️         string          Name of the table to update

``snapshot_id``                  long            Snapshot ID to set as current

> ``ref``                          string          Snapshot Reference (branch or tag) to set as curren

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``ref``                          string          Snapshot Reference (branch or tag) to set as current
```

===================== ========== =============== =======================================================================

Examples:

* Set current table snapshot ID for the given table to 10000 ::

    CALL iceberg.system.set_current_snapshot('schema_name', 'table_name', 10000);

* Set current table snapshot ID for the given table to snapshot ID of branch1 ::

>     CALL iceberg.system.set_current_snapshot('schema_name', 'table_name', 'branch1');

Reviewer 2: This example should use named arguments since `ref` is the 4th argument. 
```suggestion
    CALL iceberg.system.set_current_snapshot(schema => 'schema_name', table_name => 'table_name', ref => 'branch1');
```

Reviewer 2: We can add this as one of the failure tests as well.
